>> Rodriguez: When we get
into multiple columns,
I'm a huge proponent of that
single column, simple layout.
My own personal emails follow
that kind of design paradigm.
Most of our emails at
Litmus are single column.
It really helps you to focus your content
and force that strong visual hierarchy
which we were talking about
when it comes to accessibility.
And it helps keep things
really easily maintainable.
And you can create new emails pretty
quickly using that simpler single
column approach.
But a lot of times you're going to have
to create this multiple column layout for
a variety of reasons.
You might have a product grid.
You might have a calendar
event like has a picture with
whatever kind of media you have next to
it, that kind of media card type design.
And you're gonna have to
introduce these multiple columns.
So the way you do that is
still relying on your tables.
And then we'll start using
multiple table cells in a single
row to provide those different columns.
But you again want to nest
these in a specific order.
You're gonna have that fluid table again,
that's your main container.
You're gonna have that fixed
width table which was what our
600 pixel wide table was before.
Then you're gonna have another fluid
table that's 100% wide underneath that.
And then you'll have your final kind of
fixed width tables for those columns.
And we'll see how that works
out in this two-one-three
column structure that we're
gonna build in a second here.
So those final fixed tables
usually work better if they're,
you can use percentage-based width for
that.
So in our example, we'll set that to
a percentage like 50% for the left and
the right.
You can do 33% if you're doing
a three-column approach,
something like that.
You can do pixel-based stuff.
But if you get really heavily nested and
start building a bunch of multiple
columns, then the math gets
a little bit trickier.
And you have to account for
that a little bit more.
Especially when it comes to Outlook,
which is a little bit tricky with it when
it comes to the math on widths of items.
So we'll see how that plays
out in a second here, too,
when we start building out this example.
First I want you to try to add two
columns to your email campaign using that
approach.
We'll have that fixed table, or sorry,
the fluid table, the fixed table,
the fluid table, the fixed table.
And add two tables in that final
container for your different columns.
So start with two,
add a third one in there if you want.
You can try using pixel sizing or
percentage sizing.
And see how you'd actually develop that.
Just throw some dummy content in there,
an image if you want to.
And see if you can get that
multiple column structure working.
Before we head back and see how somebody
like me would code something like that.
So let's take five minutes and
start adding some columns for
those tables that we just built out.